Wiki for 10580 (removing log entries) (#61)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingMissions.md

An example of how one might use the log category and header includes creating a category of logs on the various factions of the game, with the headers being each of the factions. If a log is given with a category and header that already has an entry, then the new log will go below the existing entry under the same header.

```html
log clear <category> [<header>]
```

> Beginning with **0.10.11**, this removes a log entry specified by the category and header. With no header provided, it removes the whole category. You can't remove logs with no custom scategory (categorized by date).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with **v. 0.10.11**, this removes a log entry specified by the category and header. With no header provided, it removes the whole category. You can't remove logs with no custom category (those which are categorized by date).
```

> Beginning with **v. 0.10.11**, this removes a log entry specified by the category and header. With no header provided, it removes the whole category. You can't remove logs with no custom category (those which are categorized by date).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with **v. 0.10.11**, this removes a log entry specified by the category and header. With no header provided, it removes the whole category. You can't remove logs with no custom category (those which are sorted by date).
```
I wasn't able to edit this in fast enough...
